add hybrid search skill (#45)
qdrant/skills: skills/qdrant-search-quality/search-strategies/hybrid-search/SKILL.md

2. Construct a hybrid search request with Query API from your building blocks. You can search independently among one type of vectors, with `prefetch` + `using`, like shown in examples in [Hybrid Queries documentation](https://search.qdrant.tech/md/documentation/search/hybrid-queries).
3. Evaluate hybrid search quality on real user data and provide user with improvements and tradeoffs (speed/resources).

## How Isolated Are Parallel Searches?

Use when: different tenants share one collection and you need to understand hybrid search isolation guarantees.

If user wants to isolate/share hybrid search pipelines between tenants, consider that:

- Indexes (sparse, payload and dense) and [IDF modifier](https://search.qdrant.tech/md/documentation/manage-data/indexing/?s=idf-modifier) for sparse vectors are computed independently **per shard**, not per **tenant**.
- Prefetch runs independently per shard to retrieve #limit results, so for collection-level prefetches if collection has several shards, Qdrant will always prefetch under the hood #limit * #shard results. Final results are merged based on scores.

> - In nested prefetches (deeper than 1 level), methods described in "Combining Searches" will be done on a shard level first, then per-shards results once again will be merged based on scores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In nested prefetches (deeper than 1 level), methods described in "Combining Searches" might be done on a shard level first, then per-shards results once again will be merged based on scores.
```

## What NOT to Do

- Choose a hybrid search pattern based on "vibes" without any [hybrid search quality evaluation](https://search.qdrant.tech/md/articles/hybrid-search/?s=how-effective-is-your-search-system) in-place.

> - Create too many named vectors without a need. An unfilled named vector takes as many resources as a filled one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create too many named vectors without a need. An unfilled named vector might take as much resources as a filled one.
```
